Just one comment that you left, if I am allowed
That you said a segwit, no lighting, was bitcoin proof of stake.
I just wanted, y'know, that.. How does everything sort of, feed into that and how things are gonna change..?
Y'know, with all those questions? Umm, presented again, sorry. Babbling.
Uh, that's something I said in the past. And, basically what i'm saying there is that lightning network involves doing local validation of the same consensus rules as bitcoin, has to be the same consensus rules..
But, you get to earn fees, by committing funds into a channel. That sounds VERY much like proof of stake to me.
It represents a tremendous opportunity for, umm, users who want to run a bitcoin full node.
It takes quite a lot of commitment, and data storage, and CPU, and RAM, and bandwidth.
that probably about 5 to 15,000 users
you're running one right there I'm
running one as well great how many
people here are running a full node? 10
Wow go Singapore
it takes a big commitment and resources
and you don't get paid to do this how
many of you would be running a full node
if you could also run a lightning node
commit some Bitcoin to it and earn fees
on it and so now you see where that was
about 20 people so clearly incentives
matters lightning is one way we can
incentivize running full nodes fully
validating nodes and also full archive
nodes potentially that's going to be a
really important development in Bitcoin
and I'm very much in favor. Now you would
think that a group of miners that run
nodes that already collect all
transactions right already have to be
fully validating nodes, would look at
lightning Network and go hey we could
earn more fees using the same
infrastructure by running lightning
nodes we could be hubs for payments we
could extend into this space why are
they not doing that because lightning
Network and running full nodes is
software and it requires maintenance
system administrators and security
professionals and configuration and
upgrades and all of the kinds of things
that you can simply get someone to rack
and mount hardware to do it's an alien
world it's not better it's not worse
it's just on the other side of that
culture divide that goes a long way to
explain why miners aren't jumping up and
down and saying hey yeah I want to run
lightning we're going to be best
positioned to be running these hubs
because it's not the same as racking
mining hardware
you